nice this is andrew for mobile geeks and
when I'm not driving my Shelby gt500 I'm
racing games on my mobile devices let's
look at 10 of the best
at number 10
driving meets zombies in earn to die I
really love the artwork this game it
looks great but just about any phone can
run it when I first played it I was so
hooked I seriously did not move fast
moving zombies are awesome but instead
of running away from them I think it's
time that we run them over shoot them
and watch them lick their own death
today I'm doing reviews on the big
screen I must say these games look
awesome
the graphics are practically on par with
the PlayStation 3 so having this much
power in my pocket is an amazing feat it
actually looks even better if you're
playing on your phone or tablet because
of the pixel density the Colin McRae
Rally Series is hands-down my favorite
when it comes to rallying so why is this
game at number 9 you may ask well first
it's great that the accelerator brake
and has raised funds are customisable
but they really need to be locked in
place during the game otherwise
sometimes the buttons overlap and
playing on the big screen is just more
frustration than fun
at number 8 we have wipeout I mean let's
discuss repulse phase 3 sorry it's kind
of hard to tell this is the future of
racing I don't know when that will be
exactly but I really really want a
hoverboard miss in this game you're a
test pilot working for the man the man
run some corporations and the
corporations run the world the first
thing you will notice when you see this
game is how awesome of the graphics this
game is where you can be Evel Knievel in
the water
you can challenge your friends online or
there are different career modes race
hot lap elimination and freestyle events
what I really love now is that more and
more games are utilizing game saves in
the cloud and this is one of them Tecate
challenge allows you to write some of
the most powerful standard models into
cottage line including bikes like the
Street Fighter s and Multistrada 1200 s
given the roar of every single engine
was recorded live to give you an
authentic sound I have to also say the
controls are so responsive and this is
so enjoyable when playing on the big
screen all the games mentioned so far
were tested on a Samsung Note 3 hooked
up to the TV using an MHL cable which
you can get for under 10 US dollars I
try to go wireless but that's pretty
much unplayable
an off-road legend Sahara
like the name implies you are going
off-road in the desert it has really
good physics graphics and death-defying
tricks in very big trucks there's so
many ways to finish with the first time
it's hard to say which ways the fastest
this game is really simple but like
flappy birds it can be simple yet at the
same time really hard my dream cars are
the 1966 Shelby Cobra as you gradually
restore them you can race people in drag
races and because the race is so short
the distance always the same the work
and improvements you put into the car
are obvious every car is unique and thus
drew them differently discover your
favorite classic parts
Ridge Racer has been around for a long
time 21 years in fact with all the
driving games and simulators it's easy
to get the hang of them fairly quickly
because the physics stay relatively
consistent and so usually it just takes
a little time to adjust or get used to
the sensitivity of the control with this
game you need to understand how you
would turn corners if you had jetpacks
to the back of the car maybe the best
way is to imagine that you had an Iron
Man suit on but instead of a suit you
have a car
asphalt has been one of the best racing
games on mobile devices in recent years
there are always a lot of fun
always extreme speed always spectacular
knockouts and always that damn traffic
this time round we also have extreme air
this game strives to immerse you with
breathtaking visuals like an avalanche
on the slopes flashing lights and
participants and glare so much attention
has been put into all the finer details
there are chairs tables glass barricades
there are all kinds of things you can
hit these top five games were played on
the big screen using an iPad air this is
real racing 3 and it stays true to real
street car racing I am a huge fan of
grandeur as well real racing 3 was made
so epic like Gran Turismo ea felt my
pain and implemented savegames in the
cloud yay
unlike Gran Turismo this game is made
for everyone with this kind of advanced
steering and braking assistance even my
cat can play
but if you are advanced you can free
yourself let loose and see what the cars
can really do by turning them off this
is real racing
get out of my car what get your own
sports car